README.md, before:

# MAS-Prueba1Songs
## More Songs For Monika at Monika After Story!

This is, as the title says, a collection of songs for Monika After Story. I will be adding more songs as time goes on, so stay tuned!

## Songs implemented:

### Pet Shop Boys:
- E-Mail (Short and Long)

### Depeche Mode:
- Home (Short and Long)

### Tiësto:
- In the Dark (Short)

### Muse:
- Knights of Cydonia (Short)

## TODO List:

### Pet Shop Boys:
- Here (Currently working on it)
- Home and Dry
- You are the one
- Go West
- Footsteps (maybe?)
- Closer to heaven 
- I wouldn't normally do this kind of thing 

### Depeche Mode:
- Ghosts Again
- Just can't get enough 
- Everything Counts
- Enjoy the silence 

### Muse:
- Knights of Cydonia (Add long version)
- Starlight 
- How can I move on?
- Dig Down

### Coldplay:
- Viva la Vida
- Charlie brown
- Every tear is a waterfall 
- Green eyes
- Amsterdam 
- Fix you
- Coloratura
- Death and all his friends 
- Don't panic 
- Everything's not lost

## Please note: the songs in the WIP folder are not finished! Using these songs in MAS may cause issues, so please wait until they are finished to use them, thank you!

Commit message:

Added installation instructions on README.md

README.md, after:

# MAS-Prueba1Songs
## More Songs For Monika at Monika After Story!

This is, as the title says, a collection of songs for Monika After Story. I will be adding more songs as time goes on, so stay tuned!

## Songs implemented:

### Pet Shop Boys:
- E-Mail (Short and Long)

### Depeche Mode:
- Home (Short and Long)

### Tiësto:
- In the Dark (Short)

### Muse:
- Knights of Cydonia (Short)

## TODO List:

### Pet Shop Boys:
- Here (Currently working on it)
- Home and Dry
- You are the one
- Go West
- Footsteps (maybe?)
- Closer to heaven 
- I wouldn't normally do this kind of thing 

### Depeche Mode:
- Ghosts Again
- Just can't get enough 
- Everything Counts
- Enjoy the silence 

### Muse:
- Knights of Cydonia (Add long version)
- Starlight 
- How can I move on?
- Dig Down

### Coldplay:
- Viva la Vida
- Charlie brown
- Every tear is a waterfall 
- Green eyes
- Amsterdam 
- Fix you
- Coloratura
- Death and all his friends 
- Don't panic 
- Everything's not lost

## Installation:
Create a new folder under %path_to_DDLC%/game/Submods/ and name it "Prueba1Songs". Then, copy the songs that you want to the folder.
Once you have done that, wait until Monika sings the song you want to hear, and enjoy!

## Please note: the songs in the WIP folder are not finished! Using these songs in MAS may cause issues, so please wait until they are finished to use them, thank you!
